Hey guys, welcome to this video. I think
this is going to be a really, really
interesting one. Somebody came into my
live stream the other day and they asked
me how to get started with Vibe coding
and why it never works for them. So, in
this video, what I thought I'd do is
show you exactly how I start a project.
Probably in the next 12 minutes, we're
going to have an entire project built.
Let's jump into things because we do
need to move quite quickly. Now, the
first thing you need is an AI Studio
project. You don't have to use AI
Studio. The reason I use AI Studio is
because it creates a React project with
Gemini inside. This is just what I'm
using for ease. You can do whatever you
want to make your AI project. But let's
just jump into things. So the first
thing you want to do is look, I just
gave it a prompt like this. Very, very
easy. This is just Google AI Studio.
Just gave it a prompt and this works
inside AI Studio. But how do I turn this
into a full SAS? Before continuing guys,
a very quick word from our sponsor, me.
This is harbor.ai.
AI and this is a tool that I created for
people like you who have a SAS
application or a blog or an e-commerce
store and you need help with blogging.
You discover keywords, you write
articles and you help and we help you
publish them as well. And we even have a
link building tool which will help you
build back links and a link bait tool
which will let you build pages on your
website that will get you back links.
And if you need a little bit more help
or if you want to push your tool a
little bit more, you can also buy manual
backlinks where we will actually fulfill
them and you can even get half price off
the first 3 months with the code half
price links and we will build those back
links for you. Thank you for the
attention. Back to the video. Right. So
the first thing you do is download the
app and then you can just ignore that
for 2 seconds. Then you want to go to
Google and you want to type convex
next.js JS
and then click here and then just copy
this button right here. Right. And then
we're going to use anti-gravity and
we're going to use the worst possible
model. So we'll use Gemini 3 flash
convex and then we'll open this folder.
This is the folder that we're going to
be using. We'll go to terminal new
terminal and then paste that command
from before.
Uh we'll call this my app and we'll use
NextJS app router. We'll use clerk. You
can use whatever you want. If you don't
want to use clerk, don't use clerk. Just
whatever you guys prefer. It doesn't
matter. I just use clerk because it's
nice and easy. Next thing we want to do
is we want to go to clerk.com.
I really really do like Clerk. Uh if you
want to uh sponsor me, Clerk, uh please
do. Um I'd love that. Click here, create
application. Call this Gemini 3/
Convex and then create application. You
have to do this every single time you
start a project. One of the main things
people do is they just jump into the
project without setting the base of the
project. So the point of this video is
to show you how to create the base,
right? So that's what we're doing. So go
to configure, type JWT here, click here,
add new uh template, write convex here.
I do this every single time I start a
new project without fail. Right? This is
what I do. So, you want to press copy
here and then you want to go to docs new
and paste. And then copy this and then
paste.
There we go. We're now done here. So,
let's just jump on over to Google again
and type convex clerk and then click
here. And then you basically just want
to grab this entire bit here, right? Uh
up to here. So, let's do control shift.
No, you can't. So, let's just scroll up
all the way like this. Kind of annoying
to do it like this, but there we go.
Copy that and then paste. And then let's
just see if we need anything else. I
don't believe we do actually. So, let's
just go back to anti-gravity. Now, we
need to It even tells us what we need to
do here. Look, CD my app mpm rundev. So,
cd my app mpm rundev. What this does is
it starts the convex project, right? So,
we're going to create a new project.
This is going to be called uh Gemini 3
flash convex cloud deployment. And then
what this does is it actually starts the
convex project. Right? So you'll see in
a second this will open up convex. There
we go. This is our database. Right? So
this is not only our database, it's also
our backend. Right? So just remember
that. So we have database and backend
right here. Now trust me guys, convex is
incredible. You want to use it. It's so
so good. Okay. So let's just do control
arr c here. Here here I don't think oh
yeah no I am missing something else.
Sorry I need to go back to clerk and
dashboard and then we need to grab these
m variables right here. So these ones
here we just press copy and then paste
them here. There we go. Control arr c
back on over to anti-gravity. Let's use
Gemini 3 flash fast mode of course. And
then we'll say please set up
authentication
with clerk in this project. Please make
sure when a user uh presses login or
sign up that an actual
account is created inside convex
and they see a page called /dashboard.
Don't um create any dashboard uh just
yet. And then all we do is Ctrl +V,
paste all that. And then watch how quick
this is. Right? It's 1252 right now.
This is going to be extremely fast. This
is the problem with how a lot of people
build, right? They just go in, they
build, they, you know, they say, "Make
me an XJS project. Make me this. Make me
that. Do this. Do that." But it's not
going to work like that. The best thing
to do is to slowly set up the base of
the project and then you start to say
right now add this now add that add this
add that add the other etc etc right so
this is kind of the biggest mistake that
people do with vibe coding is they don't
spend the time to sit and make sure that
everything is working first right it's
super important
so now we'll just let this run like I
said it's 12:52 now let's just see how
quick this actually goes
So, I did actually miss a step, guys.
Another thing you can do is you can tag
convex rules.mmdc. I would recommend
doing that to be honest with you,
especially with something like Gemini 3
flash because it's not the best model,
but it's okay. I think it will still do
a pretty good job here. So, I can see
now that it's created a new um schema,
right? So, we now have a user uh thing
in the database. You can actually see
that happening right here. Now the only
thing is for some reason local host 304
is um 404ing. So we'll just wait a sec.
Okay, beautiful. So now we have this set
up. That was about 5 minutes. So let's
do sign in here. This is why I love
clerk because you already have the kind
of signin thing here right here. And
then this should go to slash dashboard
after we have uh logged in. So let's
see. This is actually quite hard to set
up. So let's see. Okay, so it didn't go
to slashboard, but we are logged in as
you can see. Oops. dashboard. So, we
should be able to now go to dashboard.
There we go. Welcome to your dashboard.
Beautiful. And then if we go to convex
and go to data and look at users, we
should have a user. We do not. So, this
is super important, guys. You need to
make sure that users are actually being
created. Right? This is likely due to me
not tagging convex rules.mdc.
Okay, beautiful. There we go. There's my
user. It's now being created. So, now
all we have to do, right, is give this
entire project from before this download
that we just downloaded before. So,
let's just unzip it.
There we go. And then we just drag this
in, right?
So, let's drag it to the side, actually.
So, we'll put it here. Add fold to
workspace. There we go. And then we just
tag studio batch. So, let's say at
studio. No, doesn't come up.
Okay. So, you can drag and drop it. I
just drag and dropped it. Please now
implement this on /dashboard.
Okay. And there we go. We're now done.
Uh I need to remove this select API key
thing because that's from Google's AI
studio. Okay. And there we go. Let's
just see if this is actually working. So
let's click the upload button. Let's
just select uh this for example. This is
just my logo. Then we'll select this and
then generate batch. And we should be
done. And we now have a complete not a
complete SAS because obviously we don't
have Stripe. But Stripe is actually
really really easy to add.
And then bang, you can see everything is
working. We can press download here and
we have the completed uh design. Don't
worry about the crap guys. And yeah,
that's pretty much it guys. That was
literally what like a 15minute process
to get to the point where we have this
entire project. Now obviously you still
need to make a homepage. You still need
to do this. You still need to add
Stripe. But like this is what I'm
talking about. If I had tried to do this
with Vive coding where I just gave this
giant prompt to even claude code, right?
It would have taken a lot longer and it
probably wouldn't have even managed to
do it, right? So this is what I'm trying
to tell people. You there's no point
going around Vibe coding when you can
just do things this quickly anyway. Like
that that took what like 14 minutes I
think on Flash. Gemini 3 flash, which is
not even a good model. But yeah, guys, I
think I'll leave the video there. Thank
you so much for watching. If you are
watching all the way to the end of the
video, you're an absolute legend. And
I'll see you very, very soon with some
more content. Peace off.